Propose to clarify (#8841)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Exchange-Teams-interact.md

<sup>4</sup> Teams users with on-premises Exchange mailbox may use voicemail with Teams and receive voicemail messages in Outlook, but voicemail messages will not be available to view or play within the Teams client.

> <sup>5</sup> If one of the owners of a team can add connectors, everyone else in that team will be able to do so, no matter if their mailbox is homed on-premises or online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>5</sup> If one of the owners of a team can add connectors, everyone else in that team will be able to do so, irrespective of whether their mailbox is homed on-premises or online.
```
